blue with shutdown included started the
Friday I was saint of this group of
university students that at 10 in the morning
they believed that the revelry was just
start they wanted to pass the test of
drunk but no one suicides
with 333 tigers
like them hundreds of bathers
they installed on the beaches south of another
nest was one of the most visitors
is that beyond being a day of
reflection this festive date is for
many the perfect excuse to drink
until you lose consciousness and you are the
only then dance slowly through
qualities forgive me how I was taking
a nap
I know that you are the only one who had
left
if we are awake at zero
in the tour we did we found
at least 20 people submerged in a
deep dream that even the heat could not
dissipate with the spirits on
men and women clashed in a
dance duel to the rhythm of the song
more sticky this summer and it's over
the taxi
the beach inlet again we come across
with other lively campers who
they wanted to pass the drunk test
damn a clavito
pablito nailed a clavito and whoever
I will nail the habit
with a few drinks more than many are
he opened his appetite and improvised a
breakfast on the beach reaches a
pancito every 11
already with full belly and sun
heating to 25 degrees centigrade the
bathers got a lot put a
dip that for this gentleman
awoke several hidden feelings
acidity is being besieged and so are
the men in holy week are put
sinners this you say of the banquet
He said that many times
Basicscu guys have been like that told me
be unable
it can and is that as the saying goes in
the beach life is more tasty if not
Let's ask this loving couple that
it was love or fight like love
Kansas
yes
no but this day was not only a day of
fun for friends and lovers
Families also enjoyed themselves I
I know what your profession do not tell me that
it is civil construction still
is learning that you have taken
seriously that being a castle for my
children
what they really ask for
four meters there's nothing further back if
they thought that everything was over here it
wrong then the celebration just
starts many people just opted
for leaving the city heading south